[Music]
was anything Mike you know this is
completely safe yes we do these are our
loans all the time
[Music]
ready to go
yeah
[Music]
you shut that thing off everywhere I go
they've got a camera in my face this is
the time to retire because everyone's
got a camera everyone's got a lawyer I'm
retiring at the right time I was the cop
at the right time you're gonna have a
lot of crap to deal with five minutes
not here to play any game
my ride-along we got to find out
oh hang on that let's give us something
else to worry about there now you only
get to this active shooters quick as
boss oh you what you were an hour late
and we were out guns what took you so
long
[Music]